# KLJ 19/2 - WINGS Logo

## Case Summary

General Information | Case #46
--- | ---
Court | Blockchain Non-Technical
Jurors | 15
Date | -

**The obligation to submit a logo is intended to ensure that the project is clearly and
unequivocally identified. Unequivocal communication is the sole responsibility of the 
project.**

## Facts

The dispute concerns a dispute regarding the WINGS token submission to the curated list.

The WINGS token shows a bird that is made up of several simple geometrical shapes. These
shapes are colored in different shapes of blue.

The challenger claims that the submitted logo is incorrect because the shapes don't have
the same color as they do on logos submitted to other platforms. He proves this by
submitting the logo of the WINGS Foundation, the WINGS DAppp and the logo submitted to
Coingecko and Coinmarketcap. All these logos have in common that the shades of blue they
use are really similar. In contrast, the logo in question uses a very dark color for one
wing of the bird while the rest uses light blue.

The submitter responds by stating that there are several logos for WINGS and that the
submitted one makes it clear that the Token belongs to WINGS. The jurors should apply
"common sense" and "sanity check".

The court first ruled to add the token to the curated list. It was found that it has
no relevance that the logo submitted is not used anymore as it is still recognized to
be the WINGS logo.

## Decision

The decision was appealed several times. The final ruling rejected the submission by
a 1-14 vote.

Jurors held that the court jurisprudence relies heavily on up-to-date logos even though
that is not a requirement set out in the policies explicitly.

A juror has submitted a detailed opinion on the case that will be recited in the following
as the majority opinion.

### Holding

The obligation to submit a logo is intended to ensure that the project is clearly and
unequivocally identified. Unequivocal communication is the sole responsibility of the 
project.  The logo submitted is different from those used on the official sites and 
networks of the project. It is likely to create confusion in the public mind. The
submission must therefore be rejected.

### Applicable Rule

The only rule provided for in the policy regarding the submission of logos is the following:
“Attached Logos should be PNG format with a transparent background”.
Thus, this rule imposes three obligations: 1° submit a logo, 2° in PNG format, 3° with a
transparent background.

While the last two obligations do not pose any difficulties (PNG and transparent
background), the resolution of the dispute requires a prior assessment of the significance of
the obligation to submit a logo.

The submission of the logo is, in our opinion, decisive and aims to ensure the clear and
unequivocal identification of the project. In a nascent and decentralized sector, trust is a
major criterion for development. Trust is dependent on clarity and absence of confusion.
A logo is not just an illustration of the project. It is an integral part of its identity and
constitutes an identifying element.

It is therefore the responsibility of each actor to implement procedures that allow it to
be identified in a consistent, constant and unequivocal manner, including through its
logo. The identification elements must not give rise to a legitimate doubt on the part
of the user.

### Application to the Case

We consider that the obligation to submit a logo is intended to avoid any confusion and to
ensure clear and unequivocal identification of the project.

The only reliable and effective way to determine the brand that a logo represents is to
consult the logo that the brand promotes on its official websites.

In this particular case, however, the logo submitted is neither the one presented on the
project's official website, nor the one presented on the foundation's official website, nor the
one presented on its social networks.

Moreover, this logo is different from the one presented in an exhaustive way in the official
guidelines for the use of the logo:

- it does not respond to the imposed color palette;
- it does not respect the imposed shapes.

So it doesn't matter whether it's an old logo or a new one, as long as the only element to be
taken into account is the ability of the logo to be representative.

It also does not matter that the submitted logo is recognized by the project team members.
The logo is not submitted for team members and the relevance of the logo submitted must
be assessed in terms of its impact on the public mind.

While it is likely that the logo submitted is one of the logos used by the project, the
multiplication of different logos and the fact that it does not appear on the official
communications of the project lead to too much confusion in the minds of the public in our
opinion.

The logo submitted should have been identical to the one on the official documents.
For this reason, we consider that the request for proposal should be rejected

## Implications

This case is due to the many jurors having voted on it and because of the detailled
opinion attached likely to develop a strong authority for future cases that have to
deal with submissions that include old, but still recognizable, logos.

## Further Information

Case-Url: https://kleros-court.netlify.com/cases/46

*logo, token*
