# KLJ 19/3 - Case Name

## Case Summary

General Information | Case 19/3 
--- | ---
Court | Blockchain Non-Technical
Jurors | 31
First reported | June 15th 2019

**Casing does matter for token names.**

## Facts
This case concerns a token with the submitted name of "ZEBI".

Challenger claims that the token should instead be called "Zebi". Users
submit evidence that shows that the whitepaper refers to the token as
"Zebi Coin" and CoinMarketCap also uses the casing preferred by the challenger.

Furthermore evidence cites the case of "SpankChain". In that case jurors
refused to add the original submission - "Spankchain" - to the list.

## Decision
The final judgement was given in round 4 by a 30-0-1 vote. All previous
rounds rejected the submission unanimously.

### Opinion 1
Casing matters. Kleros can't be allowed on the list as kLeRoS.

### Opinion 2
Letter casing does matter. "The name should be the most commonly used name
to refer to the asset". In the textual context 'refer' would include casing.

### Opinion 3
The appealing party fails to provide substantial new evidence or arguments
that show why the previous verdict should be overturned. There are no
apparent errors made by the lower instance and the verdict was unanimous.
In a case that seems as obvious as this, it is a waste of Kleros' resources
to reevaluate the whole case again. The appellant must at least hint the
jurors towards a mistake in either the evaluation of the facts or the
application of the law of the lower instance. This hint cannot be, just a
restatement of what is the issue at hand. The appellant here does not
state, why the court erred in the lower instances. Therefore, I will
uphold the previous verdict.

### Opinion 4
Submitter hasn't provided any counter arguments to proper name/capitalization.

## Implications
The opinions that were recited above fall into two categories. The first two
rule on the case from a substantive point of view the last two from a
procedural one.

Both substantive opinions argue that casing matters. The relevant section
of the Token Curated List Policy is

> The name should be the most commonly used name to refer to the asset.

Given this ruling and the precedent cited it has become quite clear that
the court considers casing to be a part of the "most commonly used name".

The procedural opinions, on the other hand, do not bother interpreting the
policy as such. Instead, they consider the previous judgement to be correct
just because the appellat did not argue why the unanimous verdict is wrong.

This could be problematic because there is no policy explicitly allowing
appeals to be handled that way. Therefore, the question is whether there 
is an implicit "burden of justification" for appellants. This burden could
arise, as opinion 4 states, from the following line of thought: When assuming
that jurors decide in favor of the best arguments then the previous ruling
must be right when there are no new arguments to be considered.

Opinion 3 also assumes a burden of justification for the appellate. But its
arguments only apply to those cases that have been decided by a vast majority
in the lower court. The juror assumes that the jurors' duty cannot be to
scrutinize such a case without any hints by the appellant on where the lower
court could have erred. This would waste the resoures of Kleros because the
jurors would spend much time on these cases that would be more efficiently
used in difficult cases. So it argues from an economic point of view mainly.

The substantive rule of law regarding cases is clear. Future cases will show
what kind procedural policies jurors assume in appeals like this.

## Further Information
Case Url: https://court.kleros.io/cases/81

*appeal, casing, token, name*
