# KLJ 19/1 - Robotina Logo Quality

## Case Summary

General Information | Case #44
--- | ---
Court | Blockchain Non-Technical
Jurors | -
Date | -

## Facts

The dispute arises from the submission of a token to the Token Curated list.

The submission has been challenged. The challenger claims, that the logo provides is poor quality and cut on the edges.
To support the claim the challenger argues, that the upload form asks the submitters to upload a "high resolution PNG".
Furthermore, the General Court's policy is quotet stating that "Jurors should attempt to interpret disputes according to the
'spirit of the dispute' unless the arbitrable contract or the policies of the subcourt state otherwise." It could not be
the "spirit of the dispute" to accept low quality images.

Opponents of the challenger argue, that the challenger is not able to cite a precise rule of the court to support their claim.
Furthermore, they explain small white spaces on the logo with the challenger zooming in beyond its resolution.
The submitted image looks the same on Etherscan and was submitted with a higher resolution to the registry.

## Decision

The court ruled in favor of the submitter and accepted the token to the Curated List.

## Implications

The court did not follow the challenger with regard to the "spirit of the dispute" rule. This could be mainly
to the opponents of the challenger giving good reasons for the logo that was submitted.

## Further Information

Case-Url: [https://kleros-court.netlify.com/cases/44]

*spirit of the dispute, logo, token*
